.TH sip-module 1
.SH NAME
sip\-module \- generate a sip extension module
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
sip\-module [options] name
.fi
.sp
\fBname\fP is the fully qualified name of the \fBsip\fP module (i.e. including
the package name).
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsip\-module\fP builds one of more of the elements of the \fBsip\fP
module for a set of package projects.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display a help message.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the SIP version number.
.TP
.B \-\-abi\-version MAJOR[.MINOR]
The major version number of the ABI implemented by the \fBsip\fP module is
\fBMAJOR\fP\&.  If a minor version number is also specified it is interpreted
as a minimum minor version rather than the exact minor version to be used.
By default the very latest version is used.
.TP
.B \-\-project NAME
The name of the project as it would appear on PyPI is \fBNAME\fP\&.  By default
the name is derived from the fully qualified name of the \fBsip\fP
module.
.TP
.B \-\-sdist
Create an sdist which can then be installed by \fBpip\fP or uploaded
to PyPI.
.sp
\fBpip\fP can also be used to create a wheel from the sdist.  However,
for Linux wheels, \fBauditwheel\fP must be run for the wheel before it
can be uploaded to PyPI.
.TP
.B \-\-setup\-cfg FILE
\fBFILE\fP is copied to the sdist as \fBsetup.cfg\fP instead of the default
version.  This allows the sdist to be customised.  A number of macros may
be specified in the \fBsetup.cfg\fP file:
\fB@SIP_MODULE_FQ_NAME@\fP is replaced by the fully qualified name
of the \fBsip\fP module.
.sp
\fB@SIP_MODULE_PACKAGE_NAME@\fP is replaced by the module\(aqs project
top\-level package name.
.sp
\fB@SIP_MODULE_PROJECT_NAME@\fP is replaced by the module\(aqs project name
as it would appear on PyPI.
.sp
\fB@SIP_MODULE_VERSION@\fP is replaced by the version number of the
module.
.TP
.B \-\-sip\-h
Create a \fBsip.h\fP header file that defines the C ABI implemented by
the \fBsip\fP module.
.TP
.B \-\-sip\-rst
Create a \fBsip.rst\fP file that documents the Python API implemented by
the \fBsip\fP module.
.TP
.B \-\-target\-dir DIR
Each of the module\(aqs elements will be created in \fBDIR\fP\&.
