.TH sip-wheel 1
.SH NAME
sip\-wheel \- build a wheel for the sip project
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
sip\-wheel [options]
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsip\-wheel\fP creates a wheel (a binary distribution) than be uploaded
to PyPI.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display a help message.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the SIP version number.
.TP
.B \-\-quiet
All progress messages are disabled.
.TP
.B \-\-verbose
Verbose progress messages are enabled.
.TP
.B \-\-api\-dir DIR
A QScintilla \fB\&.api\fP file is created in \fBDIR\fP\&.  This must be a name
relative to the directory where the wheel will be installed.
.TP
.B \-\-build\-dir DIR
\fBDIR\fP is created as a build directory in which all generated files will
be created.  This build directory is not removed after the build has been
completed.  By default a temporary build directory is created which is
removed after the build has been completed.
.TP
.B \-\-build\-tag TAG
\fBTAG\fP is the build tag to be used in the name of the wheel.  By default
the name of the wheel does not include a build tag.
.TP
.B \-\-concatenate N
The generated code is split into \fBN\fP files.  By default one file is
generated for each C structure or C++ class.  Specifying a low value of
\fBN\fP can significantly speed up the build of large projects.
.TP
.B \-\-disable NAME
The \fBNAME\fP bindings are disabled and will not be built.  This option may
be specified multiple times.  It is only available if the project contains
multiple sets of bindings.
.TP
.B \-\-disabled\-feature TAG
The \fBTAG\fP feature tag is disabled.  This option may be specified multiple
times.
.TP
.B \-\-enable NAME
The \fBNAME\fP bindings are enabled and will be built.  Any associated
configuration tests that would normally be run to determine if the bindings
should be built are suppressed.  This option may be specified multiple
times.  It is only available if the project contains multiple sets of
bindings.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-manylinux
Support for \fBmanylinux\fP in the platform tag of a name of a wheel is
disabled.  It should only be used if support for older versions of
\fBpip\fP is required.
.TP
.B \-\-minimum\-glibc\-version M.N
\fBM.N\fP is the minimum GLIBC version required by the project specified as
the major and minor version numbers.  This is used to determine the correct
platform tag to use for Linux wheels.  The default version of GLIBC is v2.5
which corresponds to \fBmanylinux1\fP\&.  It is ignored if the
\fB\-\-no\-manylinux\fP option is specified.
.TP
.B \-\-name NAME
\fBNAME\fP is used instead of the PyPI project name in the
\fBpyproject.toml\fP file in the name of the wheel file.
.TP
.B \-\-debug
A build with debugging symbols is performed.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-docstrings
The generation of docstrings that describe the signature of all functions,
methods and constructors is disabled.
.TP
.B \-\-pep484\-pyi
The generation of Python type hints stub files is enabled.  These files
contain a description of a module\(aqs API that is compliant with \fI\%PEP 484\fP\&.
.TP
.B \-\-protected\-is\-public
SIP can generate code to provide access to protected C++ functions from
Python.  On non\-Windows platforms this code can be avoided if the
\fBprotected\fP keyword is redefined as \fBpublic\fP during compilation.  This
can result in a significant reduction in the size of a generated Python
module.  This option enables the redefinition of \fBprotected\fP and is the
default on all platforms except Windows.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-protected\-is\-public
This option disables the redefinition of \fBprotected\fP to access protected
C++ functions from Python and is the default on Windows.
.TP
.B \-\-tracing
Debugging statements that trace the execution of the bindings are
automatically generated.  By default the statements are not generated.
