.TH sip-build 1
.SH NAME
sip\-build \- build the sip project in\-situ
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
sip\-build [options]
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsip\-build\fP builds a project but does not install it.  This is useful
when developing a set of bindings.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display a help message.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the SIP version number.
.TP
.B \-\-quiet
All progress messages are disabled.
.TP
.B \-\-verbose
Verbose progress messages are enabled.
.TP
.B \-\-api\-dir DIR
A QScintilla \fB\&.api\fP file is created in \fBDIR\fP\&.
.TP
.B \-\-build\-dir DIR
\fBDIR\fP is created as a build directory in which all generated files will
be created.  The build directory is not removed after the build has been
completed.  The default value is \fBbuild\fP\&.
.TP
.B \-\-concatenate N
The generated code is split into \fBN\fP files.  By default one file is
generated for each C structure or C++ class.  Specifying a low value of
\fBN\fP can significantly speed up the build of large projects.
.TP
.B \-\-disable NAME
The \fBNAME\fP bindings are disabled and will not be built.  This option may
be specified multiple times.  It is only available if the project contains
multiple sets of bindings.
.TP
.B \-\-disabled\-feature TAG
The \fBTAG\fP feature tag is disabled.  This option may be specified multiple
times.
.TP
.B \-\-enable NAME
The \fBNAME\fP bindings are enabled and will be built.  Any associated
configuration tests that would normally be run to determine if the bindings
should be built are suppressed.  This option may be specified multiple
times.  It is only available if the project contains multiple sets of
bindings.
.TP
.B \-\-debug
A build with debugging symbols is performed.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-docstrings
The generation of docstrings that describe the signature of all functions,
methods and constructors is disabled.
.TP
.B \-\-pep484\-pyi
The generation of Python type hints stub files is enabled.  These files
contain a description of a module\(aqs API that is compliant with \fI\%PEP 484\fP\&.
.TP
.B \-\-protected\-is\-public
SIP can generate code to provide access to protected C++ functions from
Python.  On non\-Windows platforms this code can be avoided if the
\fBprotected\fP keyword is redefined as \fBpublic\fP during compilation.  This
can result in a significant reduction in the size of a generated Python
module.  This option enables the redefinition of \fBprotected\fP and is the
default on all platforms except Windows.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-protected\-is\-public
This option disables the redefinition of \fBprotected\fP to access protected
C++ functions from Python and is the default on Windows.
.TP
.B \-\-scripts\-dir DIR
Any project scripts will eventually be installed in \fBDIR\fP\&.  If \fBDIR\fP is
relative then it is taken as relative to the target directory.  By default
the directory containing the Python interpreter is used.
.TP
.B \-\-target\-dir DIR
The project will eventually be installed in \fBDIR\fP\&.  By default it is the
\fBsite\-packages\fP directory of the Python installation.
.TP
.B \-\-tracing
Debugging statements that trace the execution of the bindings are
automatically generated.  By default the statements are not generated.
