.TH sip-distinfo 1
.SH NAME
sip\-distinfo \- create and populate a \fB\&.dist\-info\fP directory
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
sip\-distinfo [options] directory
.fi
.sp
\fBdirectory\fP is the full path name of the directory to create.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsip\-distinfo\fP creates and populates a \fB\&.dist\-info\fP directory of
an installation or a wheel.  It is provided for build systems that extend the
SIP build system and need to create the \fB\&.dist\-info\fP directory from an
external tool such as \fBmake\fP\&.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display a help message.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the SIP version number.
.TP
.B \-\-console\-script ENTRY\-POINT
The console entry point \fBENTRY\-POINT\fP is added to the wheel.  It is
ignored if the \fI\%\-\-wheel\-tag\fP option is not specified.  This option
may be specified multiple times.
.TP
.B \-\-generator NAME
If the \fI\%\-\-wheel\-tag\fP option is specified then \fBNAME\fP is written
as the \fBGenerator\fP in the \fBWHEEL\fP file in the \fB\&.dist\-info\fP
directory.  Otherwise \fBNAME\fP is written to the \fBINSTALLER\fP file.
By default \fBsip\-distinfo\fP is written.
.TP
.B \-\-gui\-script ENTRY\-POINT
The GUI entry point \fBENTRY\-POINT\fP is added to the wheel.  It is
ignored if the \fI\%\-\-wheel\-tag\fP option is not specified.  This option
may be specified multiple times.
.TP
.B \-\-inventory FILE
\fBFILE\fP contains a list of the relative names of the files, one per line,
that comprise the installation or wheel contents.  This option must be
specified.
.TP
.B \-\-metadata NAME[=VALUE]
\fBVALUE\fP is used instead of any value specified for \fBNAME\fP in the
\fB[tool.sip.metadata]\fP section of the \fBpyproject.toml\fP file.
.TP
.B \-\-prefix DIR
This option is provided as an aid to Linux package builders.  \fBDIR\fP is
used to pass the commonly used values of \fBDESTDIR\fP or \fBINSTALL_ROOT\fP\&.
If specified it should have a trailing native path separator.
.TP
.B \-\-project\-root DIR
The name of the directory containing the project\(aqs \fBpyproject.toml\fP
file is \fBDIR\fP\&.  This option must be specified.
.TP
.B \-\-requires\-dist EXPR
\fBEXPR\fP is added to the list of prerequisites written to the
\fBMETADATA\fP file in the \fB\&.dist\-info\fP directory.  It is normally
used to specify a particular version of a package project\(aqs \fBsip\fP
module.  This option may be specified multiple times.
.TP
.B \-\-wheel\-tag TAG
\fBTAG\fP is written as the \fBTag\fP in the \fBWHEEL\fP file in the
\fB\&.dist\-info\fP directory.
